Initial State
P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 5 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 5 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 6 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 6 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 7 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 7 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 7 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 7 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 7 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 7 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 3 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 10 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 4 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 1 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 8 P.wants = True P in CS = True 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 2 Q.wants = False Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 9 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 1 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 3 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 10 P.wants = True P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 4 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

P.state = 1 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 8 Q.wants = True Q in CS = True 
turn = 2 

P.state = 2 P.wants = False P in CS = False 
Q.state = 9 Q.wants = True Q in CS = False 
turn = 2 

